docs: achievement system opening test account instructions (#624)
taptap/tds-docs: i18n/en/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/current/sdk/achievement/features.mdx

4. If the achievement data is not reset before you release your game, the data will be transferred to the production environment and mixed with the data generated by other users. It’s up to you if you want to keep the data after testing.

:::note

> To add testers and have them test the achievements with the **Ready** status, please contact the TDS technical support team by opening a ticket on the Developer Center. "In the work order, please provide the `Client ID` of the application and the `Object ID` returned by the test account after implementing the TapTap login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add testers and have them test the achievements with the **Ready** status, please contact the TDS technical support team by opening a ticket on the Developer Center. In the ticket, please provide the `Client ID` of the application and the `Object ID` returned after the test account implements TapTap Login.
```
